Say Fuck off with compassion in your heart, liberate with love, and cut
clean when you need to use your sword.
 -- Danielle LaPorte, whitehottruth.com


Women, when they have made a sheep of a man, always tell him that he is
a lion with a will of iron.
 -- Balzac


Men who cherish for women the highest respect are seldom popular with
them.
 -- Joseph Addison


With women, I've got a long bamboo pole with a leather loop on the end
of it. I slip the loop around their necks so they can't get away or come
too close. Like catching snakes.
 -- Marlon Brando


The Queen is most anxious to enlist every one who can speak or write to
join in checking this mad, wicked folly of "Woman's Rights", with all
its attendant horrors, on which her poor feeble sex is bent, forgetting
every sense of womanly feeling and propriety. Lady ____ ought to get a
good whipping. It is a subject which makes the Queen so furious that she
cannot contain herself. God created men and women different - then let
them remain each in their own position.
 -- Letter to Sir Theodore Martin, 29 May 1870, from Queen Victoria


A woman employs sincerity only when every other form of deception has
failed.
 -- Scott


"We want dessert. We want you to order dessert. What we don't want is for
you to ask us if we want dessert."
 -- Connie Britton, Esquire, "75 Things You Don't Know About Women"


"When you break up with us, that means it's over, and we will only sleep
with you two or three more times."
 -- Jane Krakowski, Esquire, "75 Things You Don't Know About Women"


"You shouldn't pass up a three-way because you 'love us too much.'"
 -- Jane Krakowski, Esquire, "75 Things You Don't Know About Women"


"Women are innately self-conscious. This is not a choice; it's a genderwide
condition. On a bad day, I look in the mirror and see my ten-pound-heavier
alter ego. Her name is Bertha. On a really bad day, Bertha sees her
two-hundred-pound-heavier alter ego. Her name is Brian Dennehy."
 -- Alyssa Milano, Esquire, "75 Things You Don't Know About Women"


"We pay closer attention to your hands than you think. It's bad enough if
you don't have manly hands, but if your nails are longer than ours, forget
it."
 -- Courtney Cox, Esquire, "75 Things You Don't Know About Women"


"The concept of premenstrual syndrome was invented by a woman in Iowa who
was trying to come up with a way to call her husband shit-for-brains
without repercussions. Now we all benefit."
 -- Leslie Mann, Esquire, "75 Things You Don't Know About Women"


"We can tell how good you'll be in bed by how good you are on the dance
floor. This isn't an invitation to grind your boners into our asses — we're
looking more for rhythm, ingenuity, and joie de vivre."
 -- Leslie Mann, Esquire, "75 Things You Don't Know About Women"


"If we love you, there is nothing so filthy that you can't say it in bed."
 -- Connie Britton, Esquire, "75 Things You Don't Know About Women"


"How sexy you look unbathed at a campsite first thing in the morning is as
important as how sexy you look in a tux. Then again, looking good in a tux
can turn a nice girl into a porn star."
 -- Kerry Washington, Esquire, "75 Things You Don't Know About Women"


"Guys who go to Hooters to watch the game are usually the same guys who go
to lunch at strip clubs for the free chicken-fried steak. Don't be one of
those guys."
 -- Christina Applegate, Esquire, "75 Things You Don't Know About Women"


"When we say, 'I don't like to play games,' it's because we are very
experienced at playing games."
 -- Carmen Electra, Esquire, "75 Things You Don't Know About Women"


"Supersecret: Unless we're blind or have no night-light in the bathroom,
the whole toilet-seat thing is exaggerated and meant to control you."
 -- Téa Leoni, Esquire, "75 Things You Don't Know About Women"


"All women like getting paid for sex."
 -- Cheryl Hines, Esquire, "75 Things You Don't Know About Women"


"You aren't the only one who thinks that two women having sex is hot. If we
haven't tried it, most of us have at least imagined what it would be like
to kiss a pair of shiny red lips."
 -- Maria Bello, Esquire, "75 Things You Don't Know About Women"


"Yes, we would sleep with your best friend."
 -- SuChin Pak, Esquire, "75 Things You Don't Know About Women"


"Pick the weirdest part of our body and compliment it. The left elbow, the
forehead, shins. Just be creative."
 -- Saira Mohan, Esquire, "75 Things You Don't Know About Women"


"The quickest way to a woman's heart is through her clit."
 -- Wanda Sykes, Esquire, "75 Things You Don't Know About Women"


"Diamonds are forever, but touching our clit can buy you two or three
years."
 -- Wanda Sykes, Esquire, "75 Things You Don't Know About Women"


Receptionist (Julie Benz): How do you write women so well?
Melvin Udall (Jack Nicholson): I think of a man, and I take away reason and
accountability.


I want and expect my woman to be a deliverer of grace and beauty into my
life. When we go out, when we stay in, when we make love. I want her to
deliver what I can't, which is a kind of liquid sensual environment, a
shimmering and delicious bed of being for me to take and taste and shape
and raise...
 -- Adam Gilad


Move quickly and crisply - fail fast; fail often; adjust and learn.
 -- Lynne Ellyn


Life should NOT be a journey to the grave with the intention of arriving
safely in an attractive and well-preserved body, but rather to skid in
sideways, covered in scars, body thoroughly used up, totally worn out and
screaming 'YAHOO, what a ride!'
 -- Bear Grylls


People who enjoy ruffling feathers generally have a bad time with
porcupines. :)
 -- BAO


We tend to seek easy, single-factor explanations of success. For most
important things, though, success actually requires avoiding many
separate causes of failure.
 -- Jared Diamond


Losers always complain about doing their best. Winners go home and fuck the
prom Queen.
 -- CarterUMR, in the http://www.sportbikes.ws forum


"He thinks he's got some kind of immunity to her headgames? That kind of
arrogance is just laughable. I don't care if you are coated in teflon -
if shit is being flung and you are anywhere in the vicinity, some of it
is going to land on YOU."
 -- Tavia


"May heaven preserve me from ever going to bed with a righteous female.
Take my word for it, when a doll thinks she's got the holy grail under her
skirts, she'll finish you off faster than heart failure in a typhoon."
 -- Alexander King, "May This House Be Safe From Tigers"
